Singular cloud mode documentation updates (#670)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/destinations/analytics/singular/index.mdx

---
# slug: "/docs/destinations/analytics/singluar"
title: "Singular"
description: Step-by-step guide on sending your event data from RudderStack to Singular.
---

> [Singular](https://www.singular.net/) is a marketing intelligence platform to transform your marketing data into accurate, granular, and actionable insights that drive growth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Singular](https://www.singular.net/) is a marketing intelligence platform that lets you transform your marketing data into accurate, granular, and actionable insights that drive growth.
```
